Dev notes to self

Convert all links to Jekyll style

Add simple GitHub CI flow for newer Jekyll.
Maybe custom theme based on minima but with CSS-related additions. Don't do too soon though - let this and cookbooks grow so its faster

Add hover for flex - currently doesn't work nice on div and darkness is too big

Set background color of header
and of flex boxes to cornflowerblue and white text
Use SCSS instead maybe change background color var

Reuse flex sections aside from homepage

Keep CSS separate and with the HTML. Reuse items like edit or SVG in recipes.

Consider cheatsheets folder to be cs or sheets

Unsorted / uncategorized?

Homepage vs cheatsheets page? About page? Welcome home?
Should homepage just be a splash / cover and CTA to get to cheatsheets?
Preview? Latest updated? Not possible

Or get rid of layer and move folders to root. All the .md files will be moved to subfolder so that will be clean.


Add search


Replace _ with -

Add Edit this page

Add sidebar

===

should some of these just be moved to cheatsheets folder in Learn to Code?
Are these aimed at me and that at others?

How do I work out what goes where and know where to find it later?

Also separate cheatsheet content
e.g. things I have looked up multiples already, or just found and might look up but haven't yet


Also cheatsheet can be brief.
Examples and flags without explanations - I already know what I am looking for in terms of how it but just the syntax.

Convert to static site with Jekyll admin? For easy adding of markdown or YAML content.
Or docsify?
What is easier for maintaining files, menu and appearance editing/preview.

Also things I don't use because it didn't know about. Like md todo checks. Which I want to have accessible from a list of features I want to use.
Note that the obvious things can be linked or covered in learn to code, while I can use this project for the gaps in what I know or something I want a working example of. Doesn't even need to show output as the emphasis is on syntax.

Make grep cheatsheet from Learn Bash in Y.
See my notes across various locations and use them to make something here.


Some things might be recipes. One or more lines to copy paste or type.
That are not appropriate for bin scripts.


Add:
    PY vs JS package locking
    Upgrade
        npm/yarn
        pip
        apt
        brew

Also hacks and pro tips somewhere
Use subshell to run commands in another directory while staying where you are.
(cd DIR && ls)


Does jekyll belong in static site resources repo?


Would it be worth splitting out something like webserver file into multiple files? These can also be tagged or linked somehow with the original language. Then the files can be here or in the language, or both with a symlink.
